Podcast ep18 (#123)
nextflow-io/website: content/podcast/2023/ep18_learn_nextflow.md

title=Learning Nextflow in 2023
episode=18
description=Rob Syme tells us about new Nextflow training material and opportunities to learn Nextflow in 2023.
date=2023-07-17
type=podcast
subtype=News and Views
youtubeid=d9STVcIcPyE
image=img/podcast_ep18.jpg
tags=news and views,opensource,community
status=published
author=Developer advocates
icon=logo_podcast_channels.jpg
~~~~~~

> In this News and Views episode, [Chris Hakkaart](https://twitter.com/chris_hakk) and [Marcel Ribeiro-Dantas](https://twitter.com/mribeirodantas) talk to [Ben Sherman](https://twitter.com/robsyme) about the exciting new Nextflow training material and ways to learn Nextflow in 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this News and Views episode, [Chris Hakkaart](https://twitter.com/chris_hakk) and [Marcel Ribeiro-Dantas](https://twitter.com/mribeirodantas) talk to [Rob Syme](https://twitter.com/robsyme) about the exciting new Nextflow training material and ways to learn Nextflow in 2023.
```

<!-- end-archive-description -->

#### Nextflow training

> We covered the following topics in this episode. Follow the links to see the GitHub pull requests that we discussed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We covered the following topics in this episode:
```
